---
ID: 5129
post_title: Kernel Panic
author: jackie
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://preview.argsr.us/203-kernel-panic/
published: true
post_date: 2016-07-20 20:00:43
---
[vc_row][vc_column][vc_basic_grid post_type="post" max_items="-1" grid_id="vc_gid:1474989885180-5cdb71c5-62ca-8" taxonomies="258"][vc_basic_grid post_type="post" max_items="-1" grid_id="vc_gid:1474989913239-698e415e-66b3-6" taxonomies="258, 377"][vc_column_text]
###
eps2.1k3rnel-pan1c.ksd

ELLIOT (V.O.)
How do I take off a mask when it
stops being a mask, when it's as
much a part of me as I am?

10:00 a.m.

Amen.

12:00 p.m.

Life, love

2:00 p.m.

RAY
I'm Ray.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
To stay as sane as possible until
he's gone.

EDWARD
I am not to be gotten rid of!

PRICE
I find you refreshing young, bold
exactly what we need right now.

GIDEON
The FBI believes that I was behind
the hack.

EDWARD
Gideon's gonna rat you out.

GUNSHOT, PEOPLE SCREAMING.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Something ain't right about this
guy.

ELLIOT
I don't trust him.

DARLENE
We are in a war, and they are
picking us off one by one.

GUNSHOT.

OBAMA ON TV
Tyrell Wellick and fsociety engaged
in this attack.

CHUCKLES.

TYRELL (O.S.)
Bonsoir, Elliott.

END TEASER

CUT TO:

2.03.1 EXT. CONEY ISLAND BOARDWALK - MORNING 2.03.1

SURF CRASHING, SEAGULLS SQUAWKING. BELL JINGLING. ÃŠ

MOBLEY
All right, man, explain this to me
again. Why are you taking me to an
arcade?

ROMERO
Well, I'm trying to tell you, but
you don't listen. That's the
problem with your generation too
ADD to really take in this world.

MOBLEY
All right, all right, break it down
for me.

ROMERO
Well, to really get it, I got to
take you back to 1924. Husband-and
wife team, the Bedfords, opened up
a freak show/ dwarf sanctuary on
this land you're about to be at.

MOBLEY
Dwarf sanctuary?

ROMERO
Yeah, they called it the Bedford
Lilliputian a whole miniature city
scaled down for dwarf and midget
inhabitants. I mean, they also had
other freaks like lion-faced man,
limbless woman, shit like that. But
the dwarves were the big
moneymaker.
Suffice to say, the Bedfords were a
big hit lines around the corner,
the biggest attraction out here in
Coney Island. Then one year, rumor
has it, the husband wakes up one
Christmas morning, grabs a large
kitchen knife, slices his wife's
throat open, stabs his little kids
to death, then slits his own
wrists.

MOBLEY
Huh.

ROMERO
No motive was ever determined.

MOBLEY
God.

ROMERO
Cut to the 1960s. Woman named Mary
Meghan Fisher decided to buy up the
place, turned it into an old-school
arcade pinball machines, Skee-Ball,
the likes. Called it "Games Games
Games. Shit, a bit on the nose, if
you ask me, not to mention
repetitive, but at least it had
clarity. Mary Meghan even installed
a little bar so she could get drunk
with her friends and shoot pool at
night. And so she did, almost every
night till one time in '86, she got
so liquored up, she accidentally
fell off the barstool and landed
hard on the pool cue she was
holding.

MOBLEY
Oh.

ROMERO
Went right through her neck, clean.
Killed her right on the spot.

MOBLEY
What in the f are you telling me
this for, man?

DOOR CREAKS AND BANGS.

2.03.2 INT. F SOCIETY ARCADE - CONTINUOUS 2.03.2

ROMERO
Place remained dormant until 2000,
when Ned Bosham bought up the joint
under the name Fun Society
Amusement LLC. Ned wanted to reopen
it as a classic arcade. Now, why
anyone would want to start an
arcade in 2000 beats me, but Ned
Bosham had it in his mind that
that's what he wanted to do, and so
he did.

CLICKING AND CREAKING.

ROMERO (CONT'D)
About a year ago, his oldest son,
Harold, wanted to sell it, but Ned
wasn't down with that. So the
oldest son, Harold, being
simpleminded and needing money for
whatever simpleminded folks need
money for, decided Dad had to go.
So Harold stole his twin brother's
hunting rifle and shot Dad in the
face. Now, what Harold wasn't
counting on, considering he had
never fired a weapon before, was
the kickback. It kicked back so
hard, he tripped and fell out of
his dad's 20-story window. By the
time he hit the ground, his head
opened up like one of those
Gallagher watermelons. All this
commotion stirred awake his twin
brother, Clyde, who, as he told it
to me, was in his bedroom catching
some Zs when all this went down. By
the time he got his bearings, he
was immediately arrested for the
double homicide of his brother and
father, being the weapon was in his
name.

MOBLEY
And how do you know Clyde?

ROMERO
He was my cellmate. This place made
him crazy. He thinks it's cursed.

MOBLEY
(whispering)
Yeah. No shit, Sherlock.

ROMERO
Before I left the clink, he gave me
the keys to the joint and made me
swear to burn it down before it
caused any more ruckus. He swears
it's haunted believes it is the
nexus of all evil in the universe.

MOBLEY
You buy into any of this shit?

ROMERO
F no, man. I'm too broke to be
superstitious. In a way, all this
hocus-pocus keeps things clean for
whatever it is you need to do. The
public records are in limbo. People
down in county don't even want to
touch the place. I'm siphoning
electricity from the grid. As far
as anyone's concerned, it don't
exist. Now, on the market, this
joint would run you about 5 grand a
month, but since it's you, I'll
give it to your guy for half. Come
on, Mobley, don't give me that
look, man. You know how hard it is
for an ex-con to get a job. Money's
tight, especially with my mom's
cataracts. The bills are adding up.

MOBLEY
I'm not here to rent from you,
Romero. I want you to work with us.

ROMERO
Oh, hell no, man. I just got out. I
ain't trying to go back no time
soon.

MOBLEY
Just hear my guy out, okay? We need
a phreaker. Now, you know you're
the best in the game.

ROMERO
Don't try to sweet-talk me, motherf
er. I don't need you to tell me
who's the best in the game. I
invented the shit, okay?
Now, either you're renting, or I'm
finding somebody else, but I cannot
get mixed up in whatever it is
you're doing.

MOBLEY
Man, this is a chance to get back
at the system that stole six years
of your life. This is a game
changer, man.

ROMERO
Who's this guy, again?

MOBLEY
He's, uh he's a little weird. But,
uh, he's gonna love this place.
He's got a thing for Coney Island.
You'll like him. Actually, you'll
hate him. But he's a genius. Best
coder I've ever met. And he wants
to meet you.

ROMERO
How much? Aw, don't smile. I ain't
said yes yet. Money's gonna be the
deciding factor in all this, and
it's gonna need to be a whole lot
to bring me back in.

MOBLEY
That's the thing, man. In a way,
this pays everything.

DUSTY SPRINGFIELD'S "YOU DON' HAVE TO SAY YOU LOVE ME".

DRAMATIC MUSIC.

CUT TO:

2.03.3 EXT. CONEY ISLAND BOARDWALK - LATER 2.03.3

MOBLEY
What happened to the U and the N?

ROMERO
Oh, that? That's a story for
another time.

DUSTY SPRINGFIELD
WHEN I SAID I NEEDED YOU YOU SAID
YOU WOULD ALWAYS STAY IT WASN'T ME
WHO CHANGED BUT YOU AND NOW YOU'VE
GONE AWAY LEFT ALONE WITH JUST A
MEMORY LIFE SEEMS DEAD AND SO
UNREAL ALL THAT'S LEFT IS
LONELINESS THERE'S NOTHING LEFT TO
FEEL YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY YOU LOVE
ME JUST BE CLOSE AT HAND

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Panic. Here it comes again.
Remember? That sudden sensation of
fear, overwhelming fear, burrowing
its way underneath my brain, making
itself at home. Nesting. Screaming
in my mind.

DUSTY SPRINGFIELD
Believe me Believe me Believe me

CUT TO:

2.03.4 INT. MAGDA'S HOUSE - HALLWAY 2.03.4

STATIC CRACKLING.

TYRELL
It's good to hear your voice.

ELLIOT
Where are you?
(FOREBODING MUSIC)

TYRELL
Not yet where I'm supposed to be.
But soon, very soon.

VOICE ON TV
Protestors are taking to the street
in massive numbers, and police and
community leaders are at a loss as
to what to do at this point, citing
that

ELLIOT
And where is that?

TYRELL
I don't think that's a good idea.

ELLIOT
You think someone's listening?

TYRELL
Don't tell me you're having second
thoughts. You don't want me to have
to worry about you.

ELLIOT
I need to know what's going on.

TYRELL
It's not safe. I wish it were. Oh,
how I wish. How I wish. I think
about you a lot, Elliot. I think
about that night when we became
gods.

ELLIOT
That night I want to know what
happened. Tell me what happened.

EDWARD
Like he said, it's not safe, not on
the phone.

ELLIOT
I'm not gonna let you make me a
prisoner of my own paranoia again.

EDWARD
If you're not paranoid, you need me
more than you think you do.

ELLIOT
We had a deal.

EDWARD
You wanted to talk to him. I
delivered. It's not my fault he's
loony tunes.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
He really expects me to believe
this? Did we really talk to the
most wanted man on the planet?

MR. ROBOT
Why the f are you asking them? You
heard him. You talked to him.

ELLIOT
I talk to you too.

EDWARD
(scoffs)
What do you want huh? We had a
deal. I delivered! What more do you
want?

ELLIOT
What I've always wanted: for the
panic to finally stop.

VOICE ON TV
Shocking news from last night,
Gideon Goddard, owner and CEO of
Allsafe Cybersecurity, considered
ground zero for the Five/Nine
attacks, was shot dead at a bar in
Manhattan. The suspected murderer
surrendered at the scene. The
alleged gunman, whose name has yet
to be released But it won't.
Described by law enforcement
sources as disgruntled, unemployed,
and having a history of mental
illness.

CUT TO:

2.03.5 INT. ROMERO RESIDENCE - DAY 2.03.5

MRS. ROMERO
Just don't know why you can't send
me a new one. You ain't even with E
Corp. Well, I guess I never figured
you were all in bed together like
that. How am I supposed to pay the
bills if my autopay stopped
working?

KNOCKING AT DOOR.

MRS. ROMERO (CONT'D)
Okay, somebody's at the door. Guess
I got to call you back. Uh-huh,
like you give a shit.
- Door's open. Come on in.

MOBLEY
Hi, Mrs. Romero.

MRS. ROMERO
Oh. I don't know where he at. Ain't
seen him for a bit. Probably
downstairs. You know how he is.
Just comes and goes, goes and
comes.

PEOPLE CHANTING INDISTINCTLY ON TV.

MOBLEY
Rome! Yo, Rome! Where you at, man?
Rome?

CUT TO:

2.03.6 EXT. ROMERO RESIDENCE - DOWNSTAIRS PATIO - CONTINUOUS 2.03.6

SNIFFS.

MOBLEY
Whoa. What the f is that smell,
man? Rome?

FOREBODING MUSIC.

MOBLEY (CONT'D)
Rome?

OMINOUS MUSIC.

MOBLEY (CONT'D)
(whisper)
Shit.

CUT TO:

2.03.7 INT. RAY'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM TABLE - MORNING 2.03.7

INDISTINCT CHATTER ON TV. DIALYSIS MACHINE BEEPS.

VOICE ON TV
But has become a citywide epidemic
for families as well. Now let's
check in with Jessie for our five
borough weather report. Oh, thank
you, Chris.

RAY
I wish I could tell you
Got those at Mel's.
(CHUCKLES)
Beautiful, huh?
Sad to see his shop shut down. Mm.
Mmm. Was gonna leave it to his
nephew too. Kid with the burnt
face. You know what I'm talking
about? What's his name? Mm. Can't
think of it. Anyway, with
everything going on with the
trucking, Mel says fresh deliveries
just aren't coming through. 'Sides,
now that the allowance is down to
just $50 a day, no one's spending
it on flowers. Hmm. I swear, the
only way I'm getting through this
is having breakfast with you. Mets
won again. It's gonna be their
year. Yeah, I know. I know, I know,
I know, I know.

CUT TO:

2.03.8 EXT. PARK BASKETBALL COURT - DAY 2.03.8

BALLER
Ready, y'all? Pick up. Ah, damn.
Come on. Can't never do it with
that shit!

LEON
Take it easy with that dosage, cuz.
I ain't your keeper, and I damn
straight ain't gonna be your reaper
neither, you dig? - Let's go! -
Come on! What problem you trying to
solve anyway, man?

ELLIOT (V.O.)
How do I tell him that someone I
cared about died?

ELLIOT
I'm fine.

LEON
You know, that's what you always
saying, man.

MR. ROBOT
So we're back to the morphine?

ELLIOT
Don't

MR. ROBOT
listen, man. What do you think
that's going to accomplish,
exactly?

ELLIOT
It's not morphine. It's Adderall.
This is your fault. All of it. Now
it's time to get rid of you.

CUT TO:

2.03.9 EXT. NY STREETS - CONTINUED 2.03.9

DRAMATIC MUSIC.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
When a computer gets hit with a
kernel panic, there's only so much
you can do. An internal fatal error
is hard to recover from. I mean,
listen to that: internal fatal
error. Sounds pretty fucking bad,
you ask me. But OD'ing on Adderall
was finally my way of controlling
him.

HAT MAN
Do you have a moment, Mr. Alderson?

ELLIOT
Is this the FBI? Did Gideon rat me
out? Come on! Help! Help! No! No!

MUFFLED SCREAMING. PANTING.

CUT TO:

2.03.10 INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - CONTINUOUS 2.03.10

SINGING OPERATICALLY IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE.

INTERCOM
This is a New Lots Avenue-bound
four train.

RADIO STATIC CRACKLES.

INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER.

BRAKES SCREECHING.

HISSING.

INTERCOM
This is a Brooklyn-bound two
express train. Next stop is DeKalb
Avenue.

SINGING OPERATICALLY.

INTERCOM (CONT'D)
Stand clear of the closing doors,
please.

ELECTRONIC CHIME. SINGING OPERATICALLY.

DARLENE
Elliot and I both warned you it was
a liability he sold drugs.

MOBLEY
God damn it. Why are you being such
an asshole? He's dead.

DARLENE
Did anyone see you?

MOBLEY
Just his mom. What did you want me
to do? She was upstairs. F,
Darlene. What did we do?

CUT TO:

2.03.11 INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING GARAGE 2.03.11

FOREBODING MUSIC. GRUNTS. GASPS. GASPS. PANTING.

ELLIOT
Where am I? Where am I? What are
you doing? What's that for? What's
that for? No, no, wait. No. No! No!
I have them! No!

MUFFLED SCREAMING. GAGGING.

DRAMATIC ORCHESTRAL MUSIC.

CUT TO:

2.03.12 INT. MAGDA'S HOUSE - ELLIOT'S ROOM - LATER 2.03.12

VOMITING.

MR. ROBOT
That's it. Get that Adderall out of
your system. Good boy. That's it,
get those shitty pills out of your
system. I have burrowed underneath
your brain. I am nested there. I am
the scream in your mind. You will
cooperate, my son. I will make you,
because I own you!

ELLIOT
Argh!
(grunts)
I will not be owned.

CUT TO:

2.03.13 INT. E CORP HQ - PHILIP PRICE'S OFFICE 2.03.13

PRICE
First, I want to offer my
condolences. Terrible news about
your old boss. I hear he was a good
man. Very unfortunate when bad
things happen to good people.

ANGELA
Thank you, sir. I've been pretty
broken up about it.

PRICE
Second, this interview that you've
set up, it's all wrong. I want to
do Fox instead of Bloomberg. No
preinterview, and I want final
approval of all questions
beforehand.

ANGELA
I'm on it. Mr. Price? I think this
is a mistake. Frankly, Fox isn't
where we should be right now.
Bloomberg is where investors get
their business news, and if our
goal is to reassure them--

PRICE
Sit down.
(SIGHS)
Have you ever had dinner at
Fidelio's?

ANGELA
No. I haven't.

PRICE
Used to be a dive bar years ago.
It's since turned into one of the
nicest restaurants in the city. I
know the chef. He's very good. I'll
have Marcel make a reservation.
You've never had semifreddo until
you've had it there.

ANGELA
Okay.

PRICE
I'll arrange a car to pick you up.
Saturday, 8:00. And, uh, yes,
you're right. Bloomberg it's more
appropriate. We'll stick with that.

ANGELA
Thank you, sir.

PRICE
I've noticed you always look at
that before you leave my office.
Perhaps you find it as fascinating
as I do How a man can change the
whole world with a bullet in the
right place.

CUT TO:

2.03.14 EXT. TIMES SQUARE PROPOSAL TV SHOW 2.03.14

LIVELY ORCHESTRAL MUSIC.

GROOM
Oh, no, what does that say? Don't
fall over. You okay? You okay? I
don't want to go to sleep another
night not knowing you're not gonna
be my wife. Oh, my God. Emilia,
will you marry me? Next on "Million
Dollar Listing New York" Am I gonna
be dealing with you

CUT TO:

2.03.15 INT. DOM'S APARTMENT 2.03.15

DOM
Alexa, what time is it?

ALEXA (O.S.)
It is 4:03 a.m.

SIGHS.

THE HIGHWAYMEN'S "HIGHWAYMAN". ENERGETIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC.

THE HIGHWAYMEN
I WAS A HIGHWAYMAN ALONG THE COACH
ROADS I DID RIDE WITH SWORD AND
PISTOL BY MY SIDE MANY A YOUNG MAID
LOST HER BAUBLES TO MY TRADE MANY A
SOLDIER SHED HIS LIFEBLOOD ON MY
BLADE THE BASTARDS HUNG ME IN THE
SPRING OF '25 BUT I AM STILL ALIVE
I WAS A SAILOR I WAS BORN UPON THE
TIDE

DOM
(SIGHS)
Alexa, stop.

CUT TO:

2.03.16 EXT. ROMERO RESIDENCE - DOWNSTAIRS PATIO - MORNING 2.03.16

ELECTRONIC BEEPS.

WHIRRING.

SNEEZES.

FBI SICK GUY
Whew, sorry. Something's going
around. Victim's mother's back at
the station. Didn't get much from
her. Down here.

INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO CHATTER.

SNIFFLING.

FBI SICK GUY (CONT'D)
All we got on the victim so far is,
he's a known hacker with a record.
Got busted in '08. Served six years
for some small-time computer fraud
stuff.

COUGHING.

FBI SICK GUY (CONT'D)
It's okay. I got gloves on.

DOM
Well, it doesn't matter much if you
sneeze (SNEEZES) On them.

FBI SICK GUY
Okay. Tell you what, why don't you
hold this still? We're still
looking, but it looks like he only
printed out these three sheets from
the full FBI roster.

SNIFFS AND GRUNTS. COUGHS.

FBI SICK GUY (CONT'D)
We contacted everyone here at the
New York office. You're the first
to respond.

DOM
It doesn't mean much. Thousands of
FBI names and contact details were
leaked a few months back. Every
hacker has this. What are they
doing?

FBI SICK GUY
Uh, it's Forensics. We found his
desktop unlocked. Uh, once we're
done analyzing it, we'll send a
full report.

DOM
Did you have them check if the
ports were modified at all before
using them?
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
- Whoa! - Shit! Fire extinguisher.
(BANGING, INDISTINCT
CHATTER)

DOM (CONT'D)
(SIGHS)
Well

CHUCKLES.

COUGHING.

DOM (CONT'D)
Here's my card in case you find
anything else. Thanks again for
calling me. I'd really talk to your
doctor about getting a Z-Pak. You
really shouldn't be out here
infecting your whole unit. It's
very irresponsible of you.

CUT TO:

2.03.17 INT. TRENTON RESIDENCE - EVENING 2.03.17

Trenton's little brother imitates the sound of an airplane
zooming.

TRENTON
According to the police report,
there was no sign of a robbery.

MOBLEY
Someone was there with the sole
purpose of offing him.

DARLENE
You're jumping to conclusions.

MOBLEY
What about that Allsafe guy? That's
two murders in a row associated
with this hack.

DARLENE
They caught the guy. It was just
some wack-job. Besides, I don't
really care discussing this with
you, given how easily you forgot
about what we started.

TRENTON
What, because I don't care for
stupid high jinks like burning
money in the middle of a park?

DARLENE
That stupid high jinks is killing
public confidence in E Corp, which
is exactly what we need to be doing
right now.

MOBLEY
We might be getting executed by the
Dark Army, and this is what you'd
rather be discussing?

DARLENE
It's not the Dark Army. They don't
know Romero or the two of you. They
only communicate through me, and I
sure as shit didn't tell them
anything.

MOBLEY
You're not the only person they've
talked to.

DARLENE
He wouldn't do that.

MOBLEY
The state Elliot's in, we don't
know

DARLENE
Don't say what you're thinking.

MOBLEY
You don't want to listen to reason,
that's on you. But I'm taking off.
I'm not sticking around to be next.
I'm gonna stay with my buddy in
Arizona.

DARLENE
If they wanted us dead, we'd be
dead already. Besides, if you're
just gonna end up in Arizona, then
being dead isn't that much of a
downgrade.

MOBLEY
Ha-ha. Then what do you suggest we
do, then?

DARLENE
I'll talk to Elliot. I'll hit you
both when I get more info. Until
then, stop spazzing And be cool.

MOBLEY
(sighs)
I don't trust her or her crazy-ass
brother. You know he tried to pull
a gun on Romero?
Think about it, Trenton. They're
the only two that talked to the
Dark Army. Now they're trying to
tell us the Dark Army isn't
involved.

TRENTON
What are you saying?

MOBLEY
I'm saying we just committed the
crime of the century, and they're
trying to cover their tracks. And
right now, we're the tracks.

CUT TO:

2.03.18 INT. R.T.'S HOUSE - DAY 2.03.18

RAY
A lot of life is a balancing act.
We're all just doing our best,
tightrope walking above that pit of
ungodly pain that's daring us to
trip up. Take money and health. One
isn't very useful without the
other, you know? Case in point:
even though you've been paid
handsomely, the physical condition
you're in right now kind of cancels
that out. And I'd like to say
upfront I'm very sorry this
happened to you. The guys I deal
with, they can be ruthless. Me, I'm
more of a positive reinforcement
kind of guy. You know, I just
happen to think it's more
productive.

R.T. SOBS.

RAY (CONT'D)
Nevertheless, that don't change
what's been done to you. The person
who did this will get proportionate
retribution. On that tip, I still
need you to fix this thing for me.
Our site's been down way too long.
Good news is, once you bring it
back up, you will get your money,
and, in time, God willing, your
health.
That's all I want to do here help
put your life back in balance.

R.T.
They keep emptying the Bitcoin
wallets, and the server keeps
crashing. I don't know how to stop
it. I only know basic network
security measures. You have to find
someone who who can migrate the
site to another, more secure
location and set up a system of hot
and cold wallets. JustÃ‰ PleaseÃ‰
(WHISPERING) Please. I can't I
can't figure it out.
(SOBBING)

CUT TO:

2.03.19 INT. CAR PARKED OUTSIDE OF R.T.'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 2.03.19

LONE STAR
I could try to convince him again.

RAY
Just because you beat a man's face
to a pulp don't mean he gonna know
what he don't. We're not animals.
We need to find someone who can do
that migration thing he keep
talking about. (SIGHS) ÃŠThis heat
wave is a motherf er. What's the
high supposed to be today?

LONE STAR
What you looking at me for?

RAY
Turn on the goddamn weather
station, let's go.

CUT TO:

2.03.20 INT. MAGDA'S HOUSE - ELLIOT'S ROOM - DAWN 2.03.20

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Can I tell you a secret? It's been
three days since I slept. I'm up to
about 200 milligrams now. But
that's not the secret. He's gone.
You heard me. He's gone.

UPBEAT MUSIC.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
It was so simple. I'm way more
aware now. I'm way more focused.
And I'm feeling 100::percent::.

ELECTRONIC BEEP AND CHIME.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
He's gone. He's gone. He's gone.
The Adderall is working, and f if
this drug doesn't feel good. I can
even handle talking with people.

CUT TO:

2.03.21 INT. DINER - BOOTH 2.03.21

LEON
Yo, bro, he's like

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Even Leon's stupid "Seinfeld"
philosophy is starting to sound
fascinating.

ELLIOT
So so he just he just he just ran
out of the party, pushing old
people aside? That's so funny. Was
there even a fire? I mean, that's
classic George, am I right?

LEON
I don't like this, bro.

CUT TO:

2.03.22 INT. MAGDA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN 2.03.22

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Why haven't I done this before?
Damn, these dishes look immaculate.

ELECTRONIC DING.

CUT TO:

2.03.23 INT. CHURCH REC ROOM 2.03.23

ELLIOT (V.O.)
I'm pretty sure I even found God.

-
(ELECTRONIC BUZZING)

ALL
Amen! - Amen! -
(ELECTRONIC BUZZ)

ELLIOT
Amen, Amen, Amen! Amen, Amen, Amen,
Amen! Amen! Amen!

CUT TO:

2.03.24 EXT. PARK BASKETBALL COURT - DAY 2.03.24

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Even the dumb basketball game is
enthralling. The ball goes into a
hoop. Of course.

ELLIOT
Whoo! Slam dunk!

ELLIOT (V.O.)
We can finally be back to normal.
It'll just be me and you, my
friend. We'll dine together.

CUT TO:

2.03.25 INT. DINER BOOTH 2.03.25

TAPE SQUEALING.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Maybe I'll read to you. Or we'll
just talk. But the point is, he's
gone, and now it's just us. You're
not buying any of this either. Are
you?

FOREBODING MUSIC.

CUT TO:

2.03.26 INT. MAGDA'S HOUSE - ELLIOT'S ROOM - DAWN 2.03.26

ELLIOT (V.O.)
It was feeling good for a few days.
It really was, wasn't it? But this
is the fifth day of not sleeping, I
think. Fifth Isn't that a funny
word? Shit. There it is again. The
overwhelming fear building, the
burrowing, the nesting, the scream.

CUT TO:

2.03.27 INT. DINNER - BOOTH - MORNING 2.03.27

STATIC CRACKLING.

LEON
Stoob Dnalamit Gniraew eb Egroeg.
Dna gnihtyreve dna ogol eht htiw,
sdrawkcab edosipe elohw eht yalp
yehT "layarteB ehT. " Eb ot tog sah
tsepod eht.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
I know, I know, Leon's talking
backwards. This isn't good.

STATIC SCRATCHING, ELECTRONIC BEEPS &amp; BUZZES.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
Yeah, I know. That's very weird
too. My internal fatal error From
which my system cannot safely
recover. Kernel panic. Day number
six without sleep.

HIGH-PITCHED RINGING, ELECTRONIC BEEPS, THUDS.

ELLIOT (V.O.)
I'm crashing. Next, my
consciousness will go.
The panic isn't settling in
anymore. It's just there. The
scream in my mind is coming back.

CUT TO:

2.03.28 INT. ANGELA'S APARTMENT 2.03.28

SIGHING.

ANGELA
You are likable.

RELAXED FUNK MUSIC.

ANGELA (CONT'D)
You are attractive. You are
beautiful.

CUT TO:

2.03.29 INT. FIDELO'S RESTAURANT - NIGHT 2.03.29

CROWD
Revolution! Revolution! What's the
solution? Revolution!

ANGELA
Phillip Price, please.

HOSTESS
Your party's here. Do you want me
to show you to the table? Say the
word Say the word

WOMEN VOCALIZING. MEN AND WOMEN VOCALIZING.

PRICE
Angela. Yes, come. Please, please.
I'd like you to meet two of your
colleagues. Gentlemen, introduce
yourselves.

SAUL
Saul Weinberg, managing director of
operations.

ANGELA
Hi. Angela. It's nice to meet you.

JIM
Jim Chutney, SVP of B.A.

ANGELA
Angela.

PRICE
Phillip Price, master of the
universe.

ALL CHUCKLING. LIGHT PIANO MUSIC.

WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY.

PRICE (CONT'D)
(GROANS)
Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Because of
the situation, you have to pay
upfront now. Well, a toast. May new
relationships lead to new
opportunities.

CUT TO:

2.03.30 INT. DOM'S APARTMENT - 4AM 2.03.30

PANTING.

DOM
Oh, God.

DOM (CONT'D)
Alexa, when is the end of the
world?

ALEXA
Unless it collides with a very
large rock or a future technology
goes very wrong indeed, Earth is
most likely to be destroyed when
the sun swells into a red giant in
several billion years' time.

DOM
Right.

ELECTRONIC BEEPS.WHIRRING.

CUT TO:

2.03.31 INT. CHURCH REC ROOM 2.03.31

EERIE MUSIC.

I know you you want me to talk about myself, but I don't

ELLIOT
The Adderall's almost out of my
system. With that, sleep will
return. Any second now, he's gonna
come back, and my mind will be
under siege again.
This isn't something, like, I-I Mr.
Robot has become my god, and like
all gods, their madness takes you
prisoner. There was this I guess I
couldn't avoid Gideon's death after
all. My dam of guilt is finally
cracking. I want to cry, but I'm so
high that I can't.

WHITE POWER MAN
There was an Indian man working
behind the counter, and I made fun
of his accent.
(imitating Indian accent)
And talk like this. "Hello, how you
doing?"
(normal voice)
And one day, he stood up for
himself.
(Indian accent)
"Sir, I must ask you to leave."
(normal voice)
And something snapped in me, and I
just popped him in the face. I saw
red, man. I just I just kept
punching him and punching him. And
I hated him so much. He was Indian.

He starts to cry.

WHITE POWER MAN (CONT'D)
But it was raining. There was a
thunderstorm, and I remember
stepping outside. And the clouds
parted, and the sun came out. And I
knew that that was God showing up
for me in that moment.

(CRYING)
He forgave me.

CHAPLAIN
Jesus loves you. And this was
clearly just a test.

ALL
Amen.

CHAPLAIN
Elliot, would you like to share?

ELLIOT
No, man. My system's hung.

CHAPLAIN
God can help you.

ELLIOT
Is that what God does? He helps?
Tell me, why didn't God help my
innocent friend who died for no
reason while the guilty roam free?
Okay, fine. Forget the one-offs.
How about the countless wars
declared in his name? Okay, fine.
Let's skip the random, meaningless
murder for a second, shall we? How
about the racist, sexist, phobia
soup we've all been drowning in
because of him?

PENSIVE MUSIC. ÃŠ

ELLIOT (CONT'D)
And I'm not just talking about
Jesus. I'm talking about all
organized religion exclusive groups
created to manage control, a dealer
getting people hooked on the drug
of hope, his followers nothing but
addicts who want their hit of
bullshit to keep their their
dopamine of ignorance, addicts
afraid to believe the truth that
there is no order, there's no
power, that all religions are just
metastasizing mind worms meant to
divide us so it's easier to rule us
by the charlatans that want to run
us. All we are to them are paying
fanboys of their poorly written sci
fi franchise.
(laughing)
If I don't listen to my imaginary
friend, why the f should I listen
to yours? People think their
worship's some key to happiness.
That's just how he owns you. Even
I'm not crazy enough to believe
that distortion of reality. So f
God. He's not a good enough
scapegoat for me.

ELLIOT (V.O) (CONT'D)
Please tell me I didn't say all of
that out loud. Shit. I did.

FOREBODING MUSIC DOOR BANGS.

CUT TO:

2.03.32 INT. FIDELO'S - LATER 2.03.32

LAUGHTER. LIGHT PIANO MUSIC.

PRICE
(CLEARS THROAT)
Angela and I are going to have one
more drink.

SAUL
Oh, of course.

JIM
Of course.

SAUL
Thank you for dinner, Phillip.

PRICE
Mm-hmm.

SAUL
Don't get up. It was good to have
met you.

JIM
Pleasure meeting you, Angela. Now
remember, come see us anytime.
We'll have lunch. On you.

LAUGHING. SIGHS.

PRICE
So did you enjoy the semifreddo?
Was it all I promised?

ANGELA
Yes.

PRICE
Excellent!

ANGELA
Absolutely. It was delicious.

PRICE
Good.

ANGELA
And good company.

PRICE
Jim's been with us for 27 years.
He's a Harvard guy lives upstate.
Three kids two in college, one in
high school. Company man through
and through. He's the reason we do
our Toys for Tots program. And Saul
is the chair of our nonprofit arm.
Good man as well. He has grandkids,
so he's he's a little ahead in the
family department. Oh, and another
thing they have in common: they
were both in the room with Colby
when they made that grave error
covering up the leak in your
hometown. Hmm. Ordinary men Capable
of extraordinary things. Our CFO
has discovered that within the last
two years, both Jim and Saul have
been engaged in some nasty insider
trading. Thick as thieves, these
two. They like to buddy up on their
white-collar crimes a regular
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
There's enough evidence in there to
put them away for years.

ANGELA
I should get home.

PRICE
Your car will be out front.

ANGELA
Whatever you're doing, I don't
trust it.

PRICE
You're panicking right now. I
understand. It's a big decision
you're making, because these men,
their lives will be destroyed. But
the minute you remove emotion from
this, you'll do just fine.

CUT TO:

2.03.33 INT. DINER - MORNING 2.03.33

INDISTINCT CHATTER.

RAY
Heard you had an interesting night.
Chaplain's an old friend.

ELLIOT
I threw it out for a reason.

RAY
I figured you might want it for
down the road. Trust me, I've been
there.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Five years, seven months, three
weeks, and two days ago, my wife
passed away. A few weeks of being
frozen in my own grief, I woke up
one morning, fixed myself breakfast
like I normally do, plugged myself
into my dialysis machine like I
normally do, and started talking
out loud. For a second, I thought I
was crazy. Moved on with the day.
Then the next day, I did it again
talked out loud and the next. And
then I realized who I was talking
to.

ELLIOT
Why are you telling me all of this?

RAY
'Cause you and me are a lot more
alike than you think, Elliot.

CUT TO:

2.03.34 EXT. STREET &amp; STOOP IN FRONT OF ROMERO RESIDENCE - MORNING2.03.34

KNOCKING ON THE DOOR.

MRS. ROMERO
Are you crazy? How the hell you
knocking on my door this early?

DOM
I'm sorry, Mrs. Romero. I'm
Dominique DiPierro with the FBI.
I'm assisting Homicide on your
son's case. I know it's early, but
I just had a few more questions
about your son's murder.

MRS. ROMERO
I already talked to the police!

DOM
I know the cops took all your
joints. I looked through your
files. I also know you have
arthritis and probably can't roll
'em yourself, so I'm guessing your
son did. I can help roll 'em for
you if you'd like. Used to do it
all the time for my kid brother
back in high school. He always told
me I was pretty bomb at it.
(DOOR CLICKS OPEN)

MRS. ROMERO
All right! You can come on in.

CUT TO:

2.03.35 INT. ROMERO RESIDENCE - FAMILY ROOM - CONTINUED 2.03.35

MRS. ROMERO
Mmm. Yeah, it's tight. Not perfect,
but definitely doable. Yeah, it's
not as fat as my dear Leslie's.
That boy wasn't around much, but he
was always doing for me. Always.
God bless him.

DOM
I see you're moving out.

MRS. ROMERO
Ah, yeah.I can't stay here no more.
I raised Leslie here, Huh. Too many
memories here.

DOM
Did he go anywhere or do anything
suspicious? Any small detail could
help.

MRS. ROMERO
Well, he be fooling around with
those computers. You guys know
that. He always did that since he
was little. I never understood it.
Gobbledygook, if you ask me.

DOM
Did he have any friends? Did anyone
ever come to the house?

MRS. ROMERO
Friends? Leslie didn't have no
friends, except that chubby boy.
(coughing)
You mind if you get me grab me a
glass of water? Should be some in
the boxes.

DOM
Oh, yeah, of course. That's right,
you told the cops someone did come,
but you didn't see him, right?

MRS. ROMERO
Nope, not with these cataracts. I
can barely make you out from my
cat. Where is that thing, anyway?
Probably ran off like everyone
else.

tense music

DOM
Did he say his name? Have you seen
him before?

MRS. ROMERO
Nope. My mind was dancing in the
clouds. All I know is, I can't live
here no more. Now that I don't owe
anymore on the place, maybe I can
just rent it. Yeah. Man. Besides, I
need the money.

CUT TO:

2.03.36 INT. DINER - CONTINUED FROM BEFORE 2.03.36

TV
$19 million.

CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ON TV. DRAMATIC MUSIC.

ELLIOT
What do I do?

RAY
Why did you start writing that
journal in the first place?

ELLIOT
I thought it was the right answer.

RAY
The right answer to what?

ELLIOT
Controlling my life.

RAY (SIGHS)
My wife well, she drove her car
that day. She did everything right.
She always wore her seat belt,
hands at 10:00 and 2:00. She was
the most perfect driver I'd ever
met. (LAUGHING) ÃŠIt was it was
annoying. She stayed in the lines.
Never went above or below the speed
limit. Stopped at traffic signs.
She followed every rule. And then
one day, none of that mattered.
Control is about as real as a one
legged unicorn taking a leak at the
end of a double rainbow. Then what
do we have? You know that bullshit
people say about how when you fall,
you got to get up? I reject that
shit, man. You know why? The whole
thing is a fall. It can't help but
be. A perpetual state of grasping
in the dark. It's not about getting
up. It's about stumbling, stumbling
in the right direction. It's the
only true way to move forward.
Whoever it is you wrote about in
your journal, do you still see him?
I can tell the person you're
writing about meant something to
you. Sometimes he takes over?
That's why you don't remember
things?

ELLIOT
I shouldn't have come. I don't want
to talk about this.

RAY
Yes, you do. 'Cause you're smart
enough to know that keeping this
inside isn't going to last. You
play chess? I've been looking for a
good adversary. Want to play?

ELLIOT (V.O.)
What do you think? Is Ray right?
Maybe it's not about avoiding the
crash. But it's about setting a
breakpoint to find the flaw in the
code, fix it, and carry on until we
hit the next flaw the quest to keep
going, to always fight for footing.
Maybe we're all just stumbling from
the right questions to the wrong
answers Or from the right answers
to the wrong questions. It doesn't
matter where you go or where you
come from, as long as you keep
stumbling. Maybe that's all it
takes. Maybe that's as good as it
gets.

CUT TO:

2.03.37 EXT. CONEY ISLAND BOARDWALK - DAY 2.03.37

DOM
You got to be fucking kidding me.

Music swells, the SURF crashes and seagulls squawk.

[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row]